hey all right so this should be probably
an hour stream whatever uh I changed
around the settings I'm upstairs cuz
it's too dark to be outside we uh we had
our new clips come in the mail what's
nice is I have this new camera that's of
course fastened by duct
tape lots and lots of duct tape you can
see it's
green and I think what's nice about this
camera is that I was looking at the vods
hold on let me close
the
[Music]
yeah I was looking at the bods and I
basically saw that the camera for
outside would keep doing this thing
where zoom in and out and it was really
really annoying um anyways this camera
has a manual focus on it is cool I found
it in the basement all right so we're um
using these new plugs which have longer
leads and they don't have these stupid
[__] coils on
them all right so now what we want to
do plug it
in use my wire stripper
oops we have a trash
pin
okay we'll see how this goes but I do
want
to
Earth
that should be
fine should be
fine I cut it too tight
yeah it's a 24 not a
26 let's see how do these
there
[Music]
horrible all right so I
guess D these [__]
suck all right I guess what we could do
is we could just use alligator clips on
the leads of them cuz you can't plug
this thing in here easily
in I'm fine with
that I have go basement get
some
so I only have three and I need
four this is a horrible
setup look at how long these
are and then I need to go get
jumpers
it's not the worst thing
ever
I think it is the worst thing
ever okay well let's bust up
the
trusty ccope
I see
okay
I need to switch
tables if you know right
now these are total waste I don't know
whatever whatever
there total
waste my hearts and abandoned
[Music]
press
play oh God this
can't oh God this can't
be all right so now we're going to just
do a simple test make sure that we had
what we had
before and I guess I'm since I have a
bunch of these maybe I'll just try
to try use a non [__] up
one
okay let's open up our software
wave
forms dude this software is so good it's
crazy all right is it I just run
it okay
cool
right and we switched out the resistor
so that's
good okay cool and we can just leave
this running I don't even give a [__]
anymore right so we don't need these
stupid Clips anymore need [__]
alligators and we don't need these this
is all
trash
okay
so dude this D this oscilloscope I'm
super happy with uh okay so now we just
need to get on to tuning it and I think
I need to get some
potentiometers we're not going to buffer
the output uh I mean uh we're not going
to AC we're not going to DC offset
remove that
thing okay so here we
go
um I'm trying to think
what I want to do Should I stick
to
this okay I'm going to go look and then
we need
a handy dandy resistor
pack and then we need what what is the
type of this
8 luckily I brought my transistor
kit okay
my heart's an abandoned
building press play living
in oh God this can't be
oh be
okay so on
oh wait we want to put this
actually here and I'm going to get
100K all right we're just trying to get
back to where we were and then the
second we're done with that we're going
to copy it over to the Proto board
that's coming tomorrow so I just want to
finish this
and I don't know how much of the tuning
I care
about I really should tune it I guess
the problem
is I need to make something that lets me
tune it something that will give one
volt and two volts I guess I could use
the I guess I could use the DC power
supply because there's a DC power supply
downstairs
okay so now I need a
potentiometer I'm sick of this pop these
up we don't need to keep them running
see is the shot still
good it's okay I don't love
it but because it's
not it's not as overhead as we
want
whatever
okay
um oh wait we should turn off this too I
mean I don't think this really matters
but might as
well okay and then before I just like go
downstairs and get a bunch of stuff
right then
we instead have our control voltage go
to 15 and then we need a 4K which we
don't
have well I can look
downstairs trying to divide it down by
that we could divide it down
by even
more so
that's 4 over
104 okay so then this is on B goes
to
I like these resistors though they're
thick
boys there's no way this isn't
4K
this is from a separate kit you have to
measure
that okay
um
okay um yeah maybe we should just
complete it and I guess what we could do
is we could finally get to
the
yeah we could add the yeah we could add
uh
okay so we'll do this
build so what is this this is
uh right okay what the hell is that
potentiomet
4 oh does it get used as a variable yeah
even here it's getting used as a divider
or a variable resistor
yeah that's a
250k just so you can adjust the CV
intensity of the fly I feel like we
could skip controlling the pulse width
though I feel like I'm not like that
Keen on that and then we just need to
amplify at a ton
okay so the major thing though is that
this moves to
3 so I'm just going
to I see these Cool Tools of people that
they get ic's out of breadboards with
this nice little clip
like
pliers okay so we're going to move
this because otherwise we're going to
have to just move it again so this is
the
30 okay that looks seated properly we
just move this
down here
all
this
okay
um is this the final
thing all right this is the final
thing
um
there's a buffer
AC to another so this is the
amplification I'm
guessing yeah because this goes to
ground and
then but
then what is this
do this goes
to
here well that's
weird okay so I'm going to build this
part first just cuz it's the output
we're going to need that
anyways okay so let's just do
that this guy gets the 100K that I just
left or actually no it sucks that we
don't have any of these freaking good
good capacitors but we have to wait
until
tomorrow I can go
scr because I really do want this to
work and what the PNP that we
need I think it's the one below it in my
kit they're
both oh wait no that picture is wrong
but
oh God this can't
be oh God this can't
be if I just look up Hank Pim what does
it come up
with
h
I just look at Hank Pimp's
song what is
that
bro why you got to be so
[Music]
small us
again
the still my shake my nerves break my
thought Tre
[Music]
water oh God this can't be all
right and I'm not going to do this s Mis
nonsense I don't even I don't even care
[Laughter]
[Music]
about we do
the
[Music]
play living it again different hair
different face but the
same
[Music]
the problem is you don't get to see
my TR
to break down and
take
myself yeah you don't get to see much of
my
hand I guess that's
[Music]
fun
When the Smoke finally cleared and the
sun came up I caught my reflection in a
broken piece of
glass I Ain never seen such black holes
painted around my eyes or such a massive
Scar Tissue lining my
hands like Rings through a tree R
forming on a fence that need to go to
the negative rail tired
and get more stubborn and arrogant than
ever
before
a problem without a solution a question
without an answer my torn up bloody fist
smashing against the concrete I become
cold dismal and worst of
all
[Music]
useless
[Laughter]
same
[Music]
around understand I'm
feel many days alone hurt I've been
dealing with staring into the sun better
picture when I can't see at all
whatever
seems like I'm
[Music]
fall St in
my you give me
a please me a
vis
w
I feel like we should get just
[Music]
IDE come and
me come and
[Music]
me stuck in my
pres would you give me
[Music]
please
me oh wait I'm an idiot
no
[Music]
right
no
[Music]
htes
okay all right
I'm SI of that oh plus I might get oh
I'm getting muted
bro dude the music in is so
backwards it's like get take the free
exposure everyone listens to music not
like a [__] yeah
whatever all right so this goes to
14 14 to the
middle it's on the end
here
okay let me take 200
K one that goes to
nine Brown s
orange
nice and the next one goes to nine or
not nine
11 okay then we need one more
that goes to the positive
rail actually do we even need that
circuit cuz that is
uh I mean this is all just used
for
this is all just used for dividing it
down but I I don't really care all right
so that so 12 goes to
ground
okay now we
need two these
guys
to 12 and 13 and uh
[Music]
good
stuff
yeah and the nice thing whoa
[Music]
SP Okay cool so that part of the build
is all good now we can go over to
the little amplification stuff the AC
coupling
stuff uh I think we're good except for
the trimmer the pot and some of the
resistors so maybe I should get a
notebook
I was wrting my phone for right now but
actually let's do the rest and then
we'll get to
that because there's a lot more random
stuff
to it's imperative we get a a new table
this table's too high my chair is too
low it's
cramped but whatever
um right so we need to remove
this and this this needs to get moved to
okay
okay and actually wait hold
on
oh yeah the resistor is
not you don't use that
anymore because the whole point of this
tuning
okay right right but we do need our
friend over here is that long enough you
think that's from The
Collector this on three or
c
good that quite
well then we need that 100K to ground
what is this
brown this is yell this is the 1 M the
big
boy but
um
think
30 yeah 30 goes
to
then we need another one microf
capacitor yeah this AC couple and that's
fine
oh that part goes to the negative okay
so we need a red
wire
um
yeah
beautiful and then I guess that should
turn into a a green
wire Maybe not maybe it should stay red
it should stay red because then you can
trace yeah should definitely
stay
okay all
right just enough room for the
capacitor and okay then we need a green
one that goes from the output of the
buffer right because we have all the
buffer stuff so now we just need the
output of the buffer to go to the AC
coupl
I think first yeah the Proto board is
really nice cu the Proto
board yeah is a minut
[__] [__] this
up I switch that
around
go okay that worked
out okay now we need the
uh e coupling thing to go to another
opamp where we do
amplification I guess you can't amplify
before the AC coupling and you can't do
the AC cing before you
buffer I don't know why exactly but
that's what it looks
like okay so we send
[Music]
one
okay now we need okay we have
100 my heart's an abandoned
building
troling
[__] okay we're missing the
47k but this should be good to listen to
once we
have made the trimmer we need the pot we
need those that resistor we need that
resistor um okay so we're almost there
now we need to connect yeah that that
connection is weird but we need to
connect I feel like I could just leave
that I feel I don't I don't need
that
yeah it's more so that gets used because
that gets sent to the input of another
OPM oh okay so I guess I did put in this
these
rails I mean we do want the pulse with
my we we do want
it
yeah cuz then we have like pseudo
trigger
signals plus it' be cool to look at on
the
oscilloscope okay right so we'll do that
but after
we validate the output of the saw
too
[Music]
um okay so we're going to skip that
connection we're just going to send the
output we're not even going to send it
anywhere we're basically done
there
well what the hell is that
for oh
right right okay we need a ground
press play I've been living it
again
D
cool um
all right so now I think it's time for
me to mark
down everything I
need which would be let me get my my
phone's about to die though I didn't
charge it all the
way okay so we
need
1.5 hey
[Music]
oh we need a 100K pot we need a
1K trimmer
pot uh we need a 33k okay's put these
here
33k
oh
um we need a one
microfarad
we need a 47 oh K
oh my hearts an abandoned
building I think that's the whole thing
I feel like
that's not
right is that really that simple I
thought there was like way more stuff
last time I looked at
this
um okay I don't think I'm missing
anything but I really don't want to go
all the way downstairs
again I think this is
it
I want to understand the emitter
follower a little bit better because I
don't really get how the npn and the PNP
work
together all right I'm going to go get
this stuff well maybe I should maybe I
should only take one
trip all right I'll take only one trip
so I'll finish this the rest of this
build
okay it's off the bat I see this 100K
here
that I hope the I hope the stream
quality has been pretty
good yo what's up Mark uh it's a voltage
controlled oscillator so I built this
syn back in Boston I have some videos of
it um but I'm here in California now so
I'm uh I'm building basically something
where I can turn a knob and increase the
pitch of a saw too wave
um sorry I just saw this bro I hope
you're still
around also if you're in town for the
holidays we should definitely get
together I want to build this thing
actually if you're still here here I
want to build this thing where you can
actually get images off of weather
satellites and
um I bought the receiver for it we just
have to build an antenna so I'm looking
for people to help me make it I mean I
can do it myself but it' be fun to do it
with you know
friends okay um what do we need here we
need something to go to the positive
Rail and then something to go to
[Music]
okay okay so this positive bars at
[__] sometimes this thing
sucks that's
probably uh okay then I guess we'll use
this as
green that's going to go to that 100K
um that's going to go from
the all right so basically we're getting
some we're using it as a voltage divider
and we're getting some voltage between
min-1 12 Vols
and positive 12
volts then
we yeah right the input to
that opamp is like the weird
one we should look at the circuit and
FAL it more
but damn I should text
you okay dude I'm running at 100K I'm
resist we might be
dead all right so this goes to
the yeah this is quad up amp so we're
using the last one here so the output of
this goes to a buffer and that's that so
easy
it's
on oh it's on
the
okay now we need a little tiny buffer
but these little buffer ones are the
only ones where I feel like I would like
to have someone make them for me because
they're so
annoying
um we need 268 of
that seems like it's
it then yeah I want I want to connect it
this
right that's interesting CU you're kind
of using two for you're kind of using
two you're kind of using one opamp for
two things it looks
like
but that's an input to so it's kind of
weird I don't really get that part of
the the
thing Hank
pin all right but let's just make it I
guess
m my heart
[Music]
AB okay then we need the
Bridge
Okay um
yeah I mean getting a machine to do this
would be pretty
sweet I wonder how hard that would be to
do this might be too short
that's pretty good it's in
there okay cool so we have that
amplification
okay and then he just adds a pot there
which is
fine but so the inverting input of that
what are they doing
there I have to look at
that closer
cuz then do I have that I guess I
do need okay so let me write down what I
need now
268 K
oh a
14k um 47 I get the
uh and then the
pot how many I got 100 100 K
pot the 1K
pot I need
um let's look at the the build
materials okay
um just get three of
them let's go if we can find a 250k
otherwise and then where's the one
Mega
and then I feel
like I actually bought the wrong kit I
got the 300 pieces to the 900 pieces one
but the 900 pieces one is only $17 where
the 300 is
$10 I'm kicking myself bro it's what I
just wasted whatever [__] up okay so
I'm going to go get these
parts for my phone
dies
then
um we're going to try to test it
out uh and then I have another bre oh
and I should get
another I should get another pot so I
should get four because I need one as my
CV all
[Music]
right
forever
guys I did not do all that well to be
honest
um
the 1.5k I'm just going to use a
1K we didn't do too well on
potentiometers I think I'm going to buy
a potentiometer kit right
now
okay the
1K
set
13 oh wait oh yeah I made this mistake
last
time this 100K
actually right right because that
because that pot sweeps
so this needs to go to
plus and it's Plus on
12 it's crazy I made that mistake last
time
too okay and this 1K boil goes
to
here
at
13 okay then we need the trimmer I think
I have the
trimmers
okay and that
goes all
right
that's definitely
in
um okay now we're just using
250k let's put in the capacitor too I I
think this is is k1 U
474m that's
CHT
oh you got to be [__]
joking damn
it son of a [__] maybe we're not going
to be able to do this
tonight I I should have brought my
capacitor I'm an idiot for not bringing
them okay whatever got to move
on okay and then
these just absolutely will not fit in a
bread
board so
I wasn't happy with the potentiometer
kit that I
got okay so it's time to go to blank
it's time to buy some
[__]
I don't need the knob I don't know why
they keep trying to shove these [__]
knobs down my
face
all right whatever I'm going to buy this
thing
okay I just bought
it okay well this is a huge
bummer cuz basically what I have to
do I mean maybe I should just relax and
wait for the capacitor I can put in the
resistors though I I think I found the
68 let's look at the resistor
chart this the
blue silver yeah
okay so this blue
silver blue silver okay how much is this
going to wreck the
board
uh I don't love it but
whatever maybe I should buy a resistor
kit I feel like that is kind of a waste
honestly
so what is that that
input the shopping
good I don't like the lighting it's too
yellow I really like it outside I was
having a blast outside actually
okay so now the input to this one goes
to that potentiometer
at 1 2 3
44 just the inverting
input
but I feel like even the that resistor
kit is
not all right
so
all right so I want to get one more
kit
dude I don't want the [__] knobs it's
so
stupid who gives a [__] about the
washers and the knobs and the
nuts give me a [__] break
dude
yeah that's
fine
I feel like the potentiometer kits are
pretty
[__] all right maybe I should buy the
one that I did last
time [__] agonizing over this let me
um yeah no I'm I'm
uh I'm not going
to I'm not going to do any of
that
okay so I guess we have to put this on
hold kind of until we get capacitors and
until we get
pots because we don't have any pots
um but I think there
are what there's a 47k but I brought up
like a th000 more
resistors I needed a 10K so I need a 10K
for the 14k
one
I actually kind of love this tiny
resistor
kit it's
small okay so then that inverting input
also goes to
ground
okay we did that that we did that we did
that
Park what is the footprint of these I
guess we're going to find out but I hope
it's not just junk cuz I would really
grma
gears but so I think that's sadly it for
tonight we're not going to get to
actually test it but I guess I'll have
to wait for the speaker anyways so I'm
not too
upset
um okay so this
is
can we look at the schematic
actually so the part that was weird was
that yeah yeah
yeah so we connected the the
non-inverting inputs of
two of the op apps together which I
thought was strange I still think that's
weird
what is this
thing what is that
okay well we did
something unfortunately
not see this is
how
this is how close you want it to be
honest like
that um okay peace that's it how long
was this an hour and
30 let's look at
the
I actually think we're going to Faire a
little better because this didn't have
potentiometers
really I'm I guess I'm a
liar okay well whatever I mean maybe we
could start sketching this
out I mean it has to get done
so maybe we should just get started on
it
okay we have lots of
trimmers we need a ton of 33k resistors
I didn't find any 33k
resistors okay so we're missing
that
that's [__]
annoying that's really
annoying okay but I say I can spend
let's see it's only
10:30 um okay I need to go get another
breadboard
okay I probably need to buy more opamps
at some
point running low
okay so we're putting that on
hold we don't need
it
so at
cool so the first opamp is
in yeah okay I should preemptively buy
some more of these
probably okay this is uh
39 last time I made a mistake I think I
put it on 38 or something
why
cool I mean this is
just part of it just going to speed
through it we're going to need to make a
ton of cables too we don't have the
Capac passeng we can do the
uh some of the resistors I guess and we
can do all the
D this di kit I'm pretty happy with in
terms of it's like you know gave me a
whole bunch of stuff but they gave me a
lot of this
one I'm a fan of the kits I'm not as
much of a fan of the
[__] okay so what do we need we need
one 2 3 4 five six
7 s
right uh we should duplicate this and
look at the build
materials nine
1 2 3 4 five 6 7
okay
one
two
[Music]
four
uh
six
7even
okay we're not going to do the one down
there because we're not even going to
get to that so I don't really
care
okay so at
three four five six three is that right
these are four long so 3 to six on
C
okay
I actually love this Speed
Run once I did it once now it's just
like all just putting them
together for the first time I was like
oh
God this one's a tiny bit
bit
oh wait that's
wrong
okay we need to make three blacks let's
make 1 2 3 4
five
six seven eight eight black
wires now we have all the potentiometers
I guess I'm going to return those
downstairs cuz they're total
garbage
three
let's try putting
well one two 3 four 5
[__]
okay we not done for now but let's just
this
up that's a
four
seven
then and then we're grounding them first
non inverting
input I never understood why they put
gaps in the rail maybe it's for like
locating things but it's always seem
weird to
me
I never finished putting in these
uh
diodes so this is going from
4 to
13 on the
B
okay and
here
cool all right now we can go back to
this
thing and
and
43 and this guy
too
should cut these shorter I
forgot and what the
hell what's the last
one oh I see it's
51 this [__] is way too long
cool we're going to need
resistors I don't like the packs but I
also don't like the drawer the drawer
system
um okay so I feel like I should probably
buy some more
C cuz there's definitely in between
the amplifier and the adsr I'm going to
run
out what's going on
bro how long ago was that not that long
[Music]
ago okay um what we got going on oh yeah
I got to Blind it go to
Amazon
t74
D this guy just bought these and they're
fake
that's the problem with these Amazon
chip
buying damn that's so funny that they
that these these guys they just like uh
they just fake
it all we might need to make a Digi key
thing anyways
uh okay so we sketched out the diodes
and the the op
amps we put some of the grounds
in um
but I am super
tired and then we also we finished
pretty much all of this which is the
a so we are pretty
good but there is still
um much to do and lots of parts that are
missing so hope hopefully tomorrow
I'll
let's see I think I have everything
coming tomorrow capacitor
wise
[Music]
um I think that speaker isn't coming so
we'll have to play it into the interface
but that's
fine so we should be able to get some
sort of sound
tomorrow
all right well that's it I'm super
tired